-------------------------------
LOGO WRITER APP
-------------------------------

Used Yeoman Generator to generate the code structure for this project.
[https://www.npmjs.com/package/generator-gulp-angular]

Components:
--------------------------------

-- bower_components
   Will show the list of dependencies needed to run this app.
   Consists of AngularJS 1.5.x and its dependencies, Angular ACE Editor(https://github.com/angular-ui/ui-ace) etc.
   
-- coverage
   Lines of code unit tested.
   
-- dist
   folder which contains the compiled, minified file generated by running
   gulp build. It can be used for deploying app to production
   
-- gulp
   Contains set of file to run gulp tasks like build, test, serve etc.
   
-- node_modules
   The necessary required devdependencies modules like gulp, karma, phantomjs etc are installed

-- src

  -- app (Main App Directory)
  
       -- components
          -- canvas
             Contains the canvas directive, unit test and scss.
             Lays out the canvas for drawing the logo turtle and the movement directions.
             Used Canvas API to draw the various lines and rectangle
             It can work as an independent component and be shared across places.
  
          -- editor
             Contains the editor directive, unit test and scss.
             Creates the editor to type in commands which can be seen on the canvas.
             Makes use of ACE Editor directive.
  
      --- main
          Contains the MainController for the App. Serves as the common bridge for
          interaction between the editor and the canvas.
          main.html contains playground for hosting the editor and canvas directives.
  
      --- index.config.js - Angular config Block
      
      --- index.module.js - Main module of the application where all dependencies are defined.
      
      --- index.route.js - Routing for the app.
      
      --- index.run.js - Angular Run Block
      
      --- index.scss - Combines and add all the components scss into final index.css
      
          
  -- index.html - Entry point for app.
  
  -- bower.json - Bower dependencies configuration.
  
  -- gulpfile.js - Gulp file configuration.
  
  -- karma.conf.js - Unit tests configuration.
  
  -- package.json - Dev dependencies configuration.
  
  -- protractor.conf.js - E2E tests configuration.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

CHOICE OF BROWSERS TO RUN THE APPLICATION: CHROME OR FIREFOX(latest versions preferred)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

How to run the app:
------------------

Run npm run build directly.
OR
If that doesn't work do the following steps
-npm install
-bower install
-gulp build
-gulp serve
Launches the browser and takes you to http://localhost:3000/home

To run unit tests:
------------------ 
npm run test
OR
gulp test

Improvements:
-------------
- Improve upon showing errors for the ACE Editor. Build Custom highlight rules.
- Use font icons to create Turtle Image.
